MFLT-8016 Document dev-mode and new commands for Linux SDK 1.2.0 (#350)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/linux/ota.mdx

### (Optional) Memfault CLI Tool

Releases can be managed either from the Memfault web UI or via the
[memfault cli tool](https://docs.memfault.com/docs/ci/install-memfault-cli).

:::tip

Memfault CLI tool (`memfault-cli`) is a Python utility that is meant to be
installed on development machines and CI infrastructure. It interacts with

> Memfault API. It is different from the much smaller (and binary) `memfaultctl`
> which interacts with `memfaultd`.

Reviewer: Maybe split in two sentences?

```suggestion
Memfault API. It is different from `memfaultctl`, which interacts with `memfaultd`. As a small, native binary, it is optimized to be run on embedded devices.
```
